We are strongly committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your personal information.  The policies below are applicable to data and information collected when you use the BuddyCheque network of apps and websites, including the app entitled “ConfirmD”; all e-mail newsletters published or distributed by BuddyCheque and all other websites, interactive features and communications provided by BuddyCheque, LLC, however accessed and/or used (collectively “BuddyCheque” or “we”, “us”, or “our”) (“App”). We have established this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather during your use of this App, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.  

Some information that we collect through the Services may be subject to the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). With respect to any health information collected through the App, we are committed to protecting your privacy through our compliance with HIPAA. HIPAA requires that access to Protected Health Information (PHI) is managed to guard the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of PHI.  

Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered online through our App. It does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline or by companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. 

By using our App, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App.  We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our App following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us by email at privacy@confirmd.io.

What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?

We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the App, personal information and non-personal information.  Personal information is information that you supply to us, as described more fully below, i.e., when you use our Services, obtain a subscription, complete a survey, register on the App, upload content, participate in a community, or provide your e-mail address.  Personal information is any information that can individually identify you and includes, among other things, your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, credit card, billing and contact information.  Non-personal information includes information that does not personally identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your location, demographics, use of the App and the Internet.

Personal Information

As a general matter, you can use and browse the App without submitting your personal information to us.  However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us or our agents with your personal information.  The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your personal information.

Registration for an account on the App.
Profile information that You provide for Your user profile.
Your subscriber or member ID when required to access the BuddyCheque service.
Uploading Content to the App.
Through your registration to receive alerts or other information via email, text or instant message from or about BuddyCheque or another BuddyCheque user through the App.
App related communications, e.g. account verification; technical notification.
Submission of content or other data and information on any part of the App that permits it
Any other place on the App where you knowingly volunteer personal information

Non-Personal Information

In addition, when you interact with the App, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually and our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our App (“Non-Personal Information”). Generally, we collect and store the following categories of Non-Personal Information:

Non-identifiable demographic data such as age, gender, and five-digit zip code as part of collecting personal information.
Device information about your computer, browser, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the App.  This information may include IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information.
Analytics and usage information about your use of the App.  
Additional “traffic data” and log files such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring App addresses.
Other information regarding your use of the App.

Collection of Your Source IP Address/Location Information

The App works best when we can also collect your location information.  We may collect and store location information about you on the App and associated with your account that you volunteer on the App or enable through the App or your device.  We will not collect any location information that you do not volunteer or enable.  We will delete any location information that you request is deleted.  We do collect and store your device’s source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the App.  

Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

Like many websites and mobile applications, we use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions.  We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the App and make it easier and/or relevant for your use.  Like many App, we use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our App and your exposure to our advertisements, if any. We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the App and make it easier and/or relevant for your use.  If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser or device to decline these technologies, some features of the App may not work or may not work as designed.  
We use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. We do not use flash cookies, web storage, web beacons or other technology that tracks your browsing history across multiple App.
We use cookies for the other purposes set out below: 
We use cookies to remind us who you are and to find your account information in our database when you access a service so you do not need to log in at every visit. This helps us to provide you with service tailored to your specific needs and interests. A cookie is created when you register for a service 
We use cookies to determine the browser the visitor uses so the site can be designed to work properly with the most common versions of different browsers 
We use cookies in conjunction with sending you e-mail newsletters
Advertisers that place ads on the Apps may use cookies 
We use cookies in conjunction with analysis of your use of our App and generate analytics regarding our App
We use cookies to estimate our audience size. Your browser is given a unique cookie that helps us determine whether yours is a repeat visit or a first visit 

We also use third party analytics service providers (“Third Party Analytics”) on our App. Third Party Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the App, compile reports on the App’s activity, and provide other services related to App activity and usage. The technologies used by Third Party Analytics may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring site. The App do not use Third Party Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Third Party Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Third Party Analytics and will be subject to Third Party Analytics’ privacy policies.
 
You can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings.  For more information about how to change these settings for Apple, Android or Windows devices, see:
 
Apple:  http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228 
 
Android:  http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/  
 
Please note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our App or on other App, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs.  It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms.
 
How Do We Use Your Information?

We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the App.  We may use your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the following ways:

General Uses

To provide the BuddyCheque products and services
To facilitate validation of your health status by other users of the App
To communicate with you about your account or transactions with us or other users of the App (including service related announcements) and send you information about features and enhancements on our App 
To upload your content to our App as you request
To permit you to update, edit, and manage your content on our App 
To communicate with you about changes to our policies
To personalize content and experiences on our App, including providing you reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
To analyze, optimize or improve our products, services and operations
To automatically update the App on your device

Use of Your Location Information

Specifically, we use your location information to:
Personalize content on our App, including providing you reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the App 


Who Do We Provide Your Information To?

Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose information about your Personal Information collected online to any companies not part of BuddyCheque or its parent, subsidiaries or related entities.  


Healthcare Providers

Protective Health Information will be shared with health care providers of your choice on an opt-in basis only.
Protected Health Information (PHI) under the US law is any information about health status, provision of health care, or payment for health care that is created or collected by a Covered Entity, and can be linked to a specific individual. This is interpreted rather broadly and includes any part of a patient's medical record or payment history.


Third-Party Agents and Service Providers
	
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, push notifications, storage, bandwidth, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc.  These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information.  They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the App.

Business Partners and Third Parties

We may also share your personal information with other business partners and third parties.

Emergency Situations

We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the App; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the App or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the App or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.

What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure?

We are concerned about ensuring the security of your Personal Information.  We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your device to our servers.  Personal Information collected by our App are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public.  Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you.  Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  

How Can We Transfer Your Personal Information?
Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored, or processed by BuddyCheque, BuddyCheque will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
Following termination or deactivation of your account, BuddyCheque, its Clients, Affiliates, or its service providers may retain information (including your profile information) and user Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.  If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at privacy@confirmd.io. 

What Happens When I Link To or From Another App?

This App may contain links to other Apps operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for BuddyCheque do not apply to information gathered through these other Apps. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other Apps.  

Governing Law

This App is published in the United States. We attempt to protect the Personal Information of all users of our App and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to the BuddyCheque services, but our App is located and targeted to United States citizens and our policies are directed at compliance with those laws.  If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal Information to BuddyCheque.  

Assignment

We may change our ownership or corporate BuddyCheque while providing the App.  We may also sell certain assets associated with the App.  As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to a BuddyCheque acquiring all or part of our assets or to another BuddyCheque with which we have merged.  Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.  Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring BuddyCheque or the merged BuddyCheque will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.

Changes to This Policy

As our App continues to develop, we may add new services and features to our App. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately.  We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.  We will not, however, materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of Personal Information we have previously collected from you without your express consent.

What Are Your Choices and How Do You Opt-Out?

We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information.  Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our Apps, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your personally identifiable information.  

Collection of Personal Information.  All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis.  If you do not want BuddyCheque to collect such information, you should not submit it to the App.  However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the App.  

Emails and Other Communications.  If you would like to alter the type of communications you receive from us, including opting out of promotional communications from us, you may do so at any time by updating the communication preferences specified in your account profile through the App.  Please note that this may affect your ability to access certain products and services, and we may continue to send non-promotional communications such as staffing confirmations, surveys, and other information about your use of the Service. If you refer others to us using our email functionality, please note that they may choose not to receive any promotional emails from us in the future by following the opt-out instructions in the email invitation. 

Accessing and Correcting Your Information.  If you have an account with BuddyCheque, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your profile.  Be advised that we may not be able to delete your Personal Information without also deleting your user account.  You will not be permitted to examine the Personal Information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with Personal Information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by email at privacy@confirmd.io.
